[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the Roccat
Sabu this is a midsize hybrid gaming
mouse which I'm not exactly sure what
ibrid means but I guess we'll get to
that later Pro optic sensor so this is
using an optical sensor not a laser
sensor but still capable of 4000 dpi the
DPI is mob size more of a factor if
you're running a very high resolution
screen or like a multi-monitor setup and
anything else because beyond that really
the accuracy of the tracking is more
important than the DPI ok button
duplicator easy shift+ ok we'll figure
out what that is later customizable
lighting multi color so you can change
the lighting to whatever color you want
I guess that's what the rainbow here
means no sweat side grips excellent
Roccat driver and macro presets for
games multimedia and apps five plus two
buttons twelve functions very easy shift
okay that sounds kind of neat
high-quality components for solid build
for long life ok optical sensor twelve
most functions Roccat easy shift ultra
light light system drivers and macros
let's go ahead and open this bad boy up
because Roccat is starting to get a lot
of attention in North America they
haven't really been present here before
but they are now and people are really
talking about it so let's find out what
all of the fuss is about optimum mid
size design with perfectly balanced
weight I do appreciate having adjustable
weight on mice but I understand that
that's not everyone's preference and
while I it's ok okay I should disclaim
that because while I said I do like to
have adjustable weight my actual
favorite Mouse does not have adjustable
weight so my second favorite mouse ever
is the g9 and I haven't tried the g9 X
so I don't I don't know but it's
probably more of the same and it's good
but my favorite mouse is actually the
SteelSeries akari laser which is not
weight adjustable so let's go ahead and
have a look at the aesthetics of the
most so this is excellent grip material
on the side here you can tell right away
it's basically like sandpaper but not
uncomfortable it's like rubber sandpaper
so you'll have the
what it allows is for the sweat to sit
in between the the bumps so you can
still maintain grip on it and it's not
absorbent at all but it should be pretty
durable as well it doesn't feel like the
kind of thing that you could just
scratch off easily in terms of mouse
buttons you've got two here
so there's your backs and forwards
you've got your left and right click you
got your middle click and let's find out
what easy shift is this is my Roccat ID
card it should be noted that it is not
valid unless signed and needs an
authorized signature also this card is
the property of Rockette studios misuse
is a criminal offense really this is not
a valid means of payment ok this video
register your personal ID using this
card on our website so I am going to
take this and I'm going to put this in
my wallet right now because oh no my
wallets full of things like credit cards
and identification ok I guess I'll file
that somewhere else ok moving right
along easy shift you actually kind of
cool so what it does here these are all
the default assignments however once you
install the software you can change them
so here I'm going to demo on the mouse
itself rather than so left click right
click ok this is the easy shift button
so here check this up browser forward
shift browser back ok so scroll up
scroll down shift volume up volume down
so basically shift allows you to press
this and then press any of these other
buttons for different functionalities so
they give you a map of the default
assignments with no driver installed but
you can install the driver and you can
change everything you want they also
give you some examples of what you might
want to do and for example
counter-strike or Wow or multimedia or
browser or whatever else the case may be
Kennedy I think it would take a little
while to get used to but once you do you
could actually effectively have far more
buttons on your mouse than you then you
actually have which is sort of neat ok
so the sensor can deliver 400 800 1600
or 4,000 dpi optimized tracking that
fits any style so has an ultra play 2d
incremental step wheel for perfect
control during weapon changes and other
critical decisions see yeah feels pretty
solid ok I'm down high quality build ah
yes more
German engineering excellent so this
goes along with our theme of German
engineering in our unboxings today which
included the be quiet dark powerboat
dark power Pro power supply and my
rabbit German engineering okay let's
have a look at the mouse itself
physically so you got your slippy pads
on the front in the back you've got your
optical sensor right there in terms of
the size they're calling this a
mid-sized Mouse I'd say this is more on
the smaller side I have pretty small
hands and this is a very very
comfortable size for me in terms of the
grip I'd say it's somewhere between you
can palm it if you want but what you'll
find is I think your pinky will fall off
a little bit so you might want to clot
and I don't think it's really suitable
for fingertip although you could
probably do it because it's got enough
of a contour here and enough of a
contour here that you could probably get
away with it but I'd say this is more of
a claw grip than anything else in terms
of how its most naturally used the top
is is a little bit more smooth but still
grippy compared to the sides where it's
more like that sandpaper finish and the
overall comfort is pretty good actually
like I'm liking it I don't quite like
the positioning of these I wish they
were a little bit lower but there's
still once you actually put it down
they're very reachable and it's not
going to interfere with your ability to
use the mouse otherwise even if you're
holding down one of them as a shift so I
think that pretty much covers it you
know we should plug it in and check out
the lighting effects section just to see
I think it's blue by default just plug
this in there you go actually I'm going
to go turn off the lights that you can
put it next to the Corsair m60 so you
can see what I most with lighting
effects looks like compared to amounts
without lighting effects if you aren't
already aware of what those wood
lighting effects looks like well it's
kind of neat so in the driver you should
be able to configure things like the
colors pulsation and all that good stuff
so thank you for checking on my unboxing
and first look at the row cat's a blue
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips
from our unboxings reviews another
computer videos